Adding ProGuard rule to de-obfuscate Java classes (#2813)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/error-reporting/platform-integrations/unity/configuration.md

| Enable client-side unwinding               | Enables callstack unwinding. If you're unable to upload all debug symbols for your app, you can use this setting to get debug information. Available only for supported versions of Android (NDK 19; Unity 2019+). <br /><br /> You can also enable this setting via the [`BacktraceConfiguration`](/error-reporting/platform-integrations/unity/configuration/#backtraceclient) object and the `.ClientSideUnwinding = true;` option. | Boolean | False   |
| Symbols upload token                       | Required to automatically upload debug symbols to Backtrace. <br /> <br /> To generate a symbol upload token, in Backtrace go to Project Settings > Symbols > Access tokens > and select + to generate a new token.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | String  |

#### ProGuard Rules
ProGuard obfuscation prevents the reflection used to get Java class names to setup a bridge between Unity and Java. Additional rules must be added to allow Backtrace to identify Java classes.

> - Please follow [this guide](/error-reporting/platform-integrations/android/proguard-deobfuscation/) to enable ProGuard, and add the following rule to proguard_rules.pro:

Reviewer: You need both - .library.* and unity.*

Author: library.* added

| Enable client-side unwinding               | Enables callstack unwinding. If you're unable to upload all debug symbols for your app, you can use this setting to get debug information. Available only for supported versions of Android (NDK 19; Unity 2019+). <br /><br /> You can also enable this setting via the [`BacktraceConfiguration`](/error-reporting/platform-integrations/unity/configuration/#backtraceclient) object and the `.ClientSideUnwinding = true;` option. | Boolean | False   |
| Symbols upload token                       | Required to automatically upload debug symbols to Backtrace. <br /> <br /> To generate a symbol upload token, in Backtrace go to Project Settings > Symbols > Access tokens > and select + to generate a new token.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | String  |

#### ProGuard Rules

> ProGuard obfuscation prevents the reflection used to get Java class names to setup a bridge between Unity and Java. The ProGuard symbolication id must be passed to BacktraceClient, and additional ProGuard rules must be added to allow Backtrace to identify Java classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ProGuard obfuscation prevents the reflection used to invoke Java code from the Unity bridge. The ProGuard symbolication id must be passed to BacktraceClient, and additional ProGuard rules must be added to allow Backtrace to identify Java classes. 
<br /> 
Symbolication id is a UUID identifier created by the user. The same identifier value must be sent when uploading the source map and must be accessible in the game's runtime environment.

```

what do you think about this?

<br/>
Please follow [this guide](/error-reporting/platform-integrations/android/proguard-deobfuscation/) to enable ProGuard, and add the following:

- Pass your ProGuard symbolication id to BacktraceClient:
   ```java
   var backtraceClient = GameObject.Find("manager name").GetComponent<BacktraceClient>();

>    final UUID proguardMappingUUID = UUID.fromString("f6c3e8d4-8626-4051-94ec-53e6daccce25");
>    backtraceClient.UseProguard(proguardMappingUUID.toString());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   var symbolicationId = "f6c3e8d4-8626-4051-94ec-53e6daccce25";
   backtraceClient.UseProguard(symbolicationId);
```

The previous syntax was from"java" and not from C#. We also don't need to convert this value into guid, since this will be converted to string anyway just after.
